Add some extra content about fleet partitioning (#177)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/platform/projects-and-fleets.mdx

| Project      | Different Products             | Devices based on a different SW codebase and hardware. Devices will use a different Project Key to upload to different Projects                                                                                                                  |
| Cohort       | OTA Segments (beta, prod, etc) | Specifically designed for OTA control (in the future, Device Configuration will also apply at the cohort level). A device can only be in one Cohort at a time.                                                                                   |
| Device Sets  | Logical groups of devices      | <ul><li>Create filters on Attributes and Metics</li><li>Used for eg co-deployments, geolocal groups, "all devices manufactured in February with battery state-of-health below 80%"</li><li>A device can belong to multiple Device Sets</li></ul> |

## Organizations

At the highest level, you have your Organization. This maps directly to the

> organization that has a Memfault license. For many users, you will only have one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
organization that has a Memfault license. For most users, you will only have one
```

Organization, the company you work for.

There are two common scenarios where you may have access to multiple
organizations. Some large companies with subsidiaries that operate independently
may have different organizations. Some employees may wish to have visibility
into both Memfault accounts. If you are a contractor and have a memfault account

> for different companies, you may have access to multiple organizations as well.

Reviewer: There are a few scenarios where you may have access to multiple
organizations such as if you are a contractor and have a Memfault account
for different companies you are working with or if you have a personal Memfault account in addition to the one for the company you work with.

> There are two common scenarios where you may have access to multiple
> organizations. Some large companies with subsidiaries that operate independently
> may have different organizations. Some employees may wish to have visibility
> into both Memfault accounts. If you are a contractor and have a memfault account
> for different companies, you may have access to multiple organizations as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few scenarios where you may have access to multiple
organizations such as if you are a contractor and have a Memfault account
for different companies you are working with or if you have a personal Memfault account in addition to the one for the company you work with.
```

You can see which organizations you have access to by clicking on your name in
the top right hand corner, and clicking **Change Organization** from the drop
down. Select the organization you wish to navigate to.

> To change to a new organization, simply click on the name and the new
> organization will load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change to a new organization, simply click on the name and the new
organization will load. To set the organization loaded by default when navigating to https://app.memfault.com, click on the star icon next to that organization in the drop down.
```

| Method       | Primary Use                    | Comment                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ------------ | ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Organization | Different companies            | Users can belong to one or more Organizations                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Project      | Different Products             | Devices based on a different SW codebase and hardware. Devices will use a different Project Key to upload to different Projects                                                                                                                  |

> | Cohort       | OTA Segments (beta, prod, etc) | Specifically designed for OTA control (in the future, Device Configuration will also apply at the cohort level). A device can only be in one Cohort at a time.                                                                                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Cohort       | OTA Segments (beta, prod, etc) | Specifically designed for OTA control (in the future, Device Configuration will also apply at the cohort level). A device is always assigned to exactly one Cohort but can be re-assigned at any time.                                                                                   |
```

| Device Sets  | Logical groups of devices      | <ul><li>Create filters on Attributes and Metics</li><li>Used for eg co-deployments, geolocal groups, "all devices manufactured in February with battery state-of-health below 80%"</li><li>A device can belong to multiple Device Sets</li></ul> |

## Organizations

At the highest level, you have your Organization. This maps directly to the
organization that has a Memfault license. For most users, you will only have one
Organization, the company you work for.

There are a few scenarios where you may have access to multiple organizations
such as if you are a contractor and have a Memfault account for different
companies you are working with or if you have a personal Memfault account in
addition to the one for the company you work with.

You can see which organizations you have access to by clicking on your name in
the top right hand corner, and clicking **Change Organization** from the drop
down. Select the organization you wish to navigate to.

> To change to a new organization, simply click on the name and the new

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To change to a different organization, simply click on the name and the selected
```

organization will load. To set the organization loaded by default when
navigating to https://app.memfault.com, click on the star icon next to that
organization in the drop down.

> ![/binary-assets/navigating-orgs.png](/binary-assets/navigating-orgs.png)

Reviewer 2: wouldn't a file location beneath `/static/img/docs/platform` make more sense for this article?

> ## Projects

Reviewer 2: cannot comment inline but further down we say

> Devices check in [..] via the Memfault API

Can we extend/change this with/to

> using one of the Memfault SDKs or the Memfault API

refer to that in the project creation docs, instead of duplicating it.
-->

> ## Organizing a Project Fleet

Reviewer 2: Did you mean "Project's Fleet"? Or are we trying to establish the term "Project Fleet"?

Author: Ah, changed it to "Organizing Devices Within a Project"

:::

> Other Cohort Functions:

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should call the filter aspect more prominently at the top of the page (in that table).

Context: our plan is to move these filters towards Device Sets, that status quo demands people to use structure their fleet using cohorts. (we may not want to say this here to avoid confusion, though)

Author: Very good idea, I'll add that to the table :+1:

- Filter Overview Page by Cohort
- Filter Metrics Charts by Cohort
- Compare Metrics Charts across Cohorts and Software Versions
- Set Alerts by Cohorts

> - Filter Issue and Device Page by Cohorts

Reviewer 2: This is a great opportunity to cross-link to the respective pages as we do in the section "Within each Memfault Project you Can:" Section above.

Speaking of that section title, should we follow the same language here?
"With Cohorts your can:"

Author: good call, added
